hey guys Emily knee in here and I'm one
of the owners of the restaurant IG sushi
which is located in montreal quebec
canada i open that restaurant with my
boyfriend back then who is now my fiance
and we're going on our fifth year so we
wanted to share with you in this video a
recipe that's pretty much a demand at a
restaurant is the simple California
sushi roll now everybody has a way of
creating a California roll this
California roll but we want to show you
how we do it at our restaurant so you
can have this recipe at home and you can
just make it to your family and friends
so check it out and let me know where
you guys think about it afterwards
alrighty so this is how our California
sushi roll looks like at our restaurant
and here are the ingredients that you're
going to need sliced cucumbers one crab
stick avocado slice tamago which is
Japanese omelet Japanese mayonnaise the
regular mayonnaise will do masago which
is caviar one sheet of nori seaweed one
handful of Japanese sushi rice and a
Maki su which is a bamboo mat and make
sure to also put saran wrap around your
monkey suit now let's get started get
your Japanese sushi right and spread it
across the nori seaweed like site and by
using your fingertips spread it across
the nori seaweed make sure you don't
crush the rice on top of it though now
flip it over onto the other side get the
ingredients which are the tamago crap
stick avocado and the cucumber slices
and put it on top of the nori seaweed
now get the mayonnaise and spread it
across the ingredients like such once
that's done take the end of the nori
seaweed and roll it gently with your
finger
tips just like the way he did it so
there's your role now get your monkey
suit and put it on top of the role and
tighten your role so that the
ingredients will stick more together so
that it doesn't fall off when you cut
through now get the masago which is the
caviar and spread it across the the roll
just like he didn't and also if you have
sesame greens you can put some across on
top so that it gives it that extra
flavor that extra punch now get your
knife and it doesn't necessarily have to
be a sushi knife any knife would do and
cut it into five pieces that should be
the right bite sized piece for your
sushi so once that Sun get your plate
and place it on top of your plate and if
you want to make it look pretty you can
place it just like how he did and that
there you have it you have your our
California kaiji sushi roll
toss and creeping so there you have it
our kaiji California roll if you guys
enjoyed it leave a comment below thumbs
up let us know if you actually used our
recipe and I keep us posted with your
results don't forget to also subscribe
to our channel because we'll be putting
out more recipes out there and more
awesomeness about a restaurant and our
adventures of course and thanks for
listening to this video see you in our
next one bye